2020.4.4
美国起源假说

1. Fort Detrick 关闭的原因?
2. CDC承认有flu实际上也是新冠，数据多少，什么时候诊断的？
3. why vaping only in USA?



1.CDC was aware of the coronavirus leak as early as June and July 2019.
https://www.sammyboy.com/threads/cdc-was-aware-of-the-coronavirus-leak-as-early-as-june-and-july-2019.282035/


==Mar 23, 2020 #1
https://gracebride191579310.wordpress.com/category/the-great-whore-of-babylon/

On March 10, 20 20, a petition for information of Fort Detrick was posted on the white house website.
The petition listed a series of conspicuous events, which lead to a conclusion: that the 2019 coronavirus
was leaked from CIA’s biological weapon lab at Fort Detrick of the united states.

Now lets go over these conspicuous events. In July 2019, CIA’s biological weapon lab at Fort Detrick was shut down by
CDC after it failed its safety inspection. This suggests CDC was aware of the coronavirus leak as early as June and July 2019.
This also explains why CDC did not allow doctors to test the flu samples for COVID 19, to cover up for CIA. In Aug 2019, hundreds
of Americans died from a mysterious lung disease. CDC blamed it on e-cigarettes.

In September 2019, the so called “Flu” in the united states killed over 10,000 Americans.

== Mar 23, 2020 #6
Also I was wondering why only USA got the vaping problem?

Which did not seem to happen in Europe, Japan, China and Taiwan and many other countries using vaping.







2.New evidence suggests coronavirus may have originated in the US
03/17/2020
https://uwidata.com/8839-new-evidence-suggests-coronavirus-may-have-originated-in-the-us/

More and more dignitaries and journalists around the world are beginning to argue that the source of the new type of coronavirus could have been US Department of Defense biological laboratories.

The new coronavirus could have been brought to the Chinese city of Wuhan by the US military. Zhao Lijian, the deputy head of the Chinese Foreign Ministry’s information department, suggested this possibility on Twitter last week.

In his tweet, the official attached a video clip of Robert Redfield, head of the Center for Disease Prevention and Control (CDC), in the US House of Representatives, where he points out that coronavirus was found in several dead Americans who were diagnosed with influenza during post-mortem examination.

“It might be the US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan,” he stated. “Be transparent! Make public your data! The US owes us an explanation!”

All of these statements have been criticized by the Western media as conspiracy theories. However, there are many questions about that source of new coronavirus the US needs to answer.

For instance, the White House website published a petition to test the biochemical laboratory in Fort Detrick (Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, WRAIR) – the largest biomedical research institution run by the Ministry US defense.).

This is a laboratory in Maryland that processes high-level disease-causing materials such as Ebola, which was closed after the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) refused to work with the organization in July 2019.

The suspension was a result of a number of causes, including non-compliance with local procedures and the lack of periodic retraining of employees of biocontrol laboratories. The media reported that the laboratory’s sewage disinfection system also did not meet the standards set by the Federal Agent Selection Program.

The lab, which closed more than six months ago, recently attracted public attention as a result of a petition filed on the White House website on March 10 which listed some time differences between the closure and the outbreak of COVID-19.

For example, “a large-scale ‘influenza’ outbreak killed more than 10,000 people” in the US in August 2019 after the lab’s closing. Meanwhile, the COVID-19 epidemic erupted around the world in February 2020 after the US hosted event 201 – The Global Pandemic Exercise – in October 2019.

...
The Higher Institute of Health in Italy noted that most of the initial diseases in Italy cannot be linked to China. That is, the virus most likely appeared in Italy independently.

This adds more evidence to arguments and rumors that coronavirus may have originated in the US.








3.Petition urges US gov’t to clarify army lab shutdown as doubts grow over COVID-19’s origin
(People's Daily Online)    10:39, March 21, 2020
http://en.people.cn/n3/2020/0321/c90000-9670852.html

Speculation over COVID-19’s origin continues to grow, with some people demanding that the US government disclose more information on the closure of a US Army biological laboratory that may be connected to the outbreak.

...
At a press conference on March 18, China’s chief medical advisor Zhong Nanshan rejected the widely held assertion that the virus originated in Wuhan and slammed such claims as irresponsible.

“The epidemic of the novel coronavirus pneumonia indeed took place in China, in Wuhan… but it does not mean its source is in Wuhan,” Zhong said. 












